to
hello very good friends to all
welcome to a minecraft video today
we are here on the server of cogí
dot bus ska
s literate and well then let's play
some pvp here with my brother and just
in 98 that is no longer pointing looks
where do we start and he wants to kill me
everyone goes away look at this service
he is active because he practices pp with
good as I had already told you in a
video this is open field so I'm going
to use the third person if you do not
like no way and well this we are going to
kill us and start to translate this
and I throw this like wow
and food
do not stain is not that you give me
I
wataru what's up what's up boys
water water let water eggs
I'm going to say
a crush and I'm worth a crush and it's going
something good
nothing to die with the pearl
but to see you already have your position let me
like me fear again
it's a very important thing this well the
community but good now if I have
muddied the space you know that you already
I put it on and so we are again in
another ugly make-up
to teams with chivas arrows since
he started jumping in jars in jars
now
person
it's fine it's good here
the chests and grabs another thing what
for example, I'm going to replace this
thing or that the song
of speed is not position of
resistance because we can also
cast we have aspects of the game health
snapshot
send me the duel
but he looks at you maybe you're
equipping everything and then already when
me
at the time of our meal
They gave a new way of taking the
faster actions do not stain already have
one click
steven on the rise
the poison
no this
the crush of luck does not come out
here you have to go I do not know look
maths
to win them and also very continent
the latter lately
this one grabbed this and a speed
constant
While
ready ready
this sunset
but there is a boat
Arming sent me
that woman
the last one was the huge mega fight
Earn honorary honor to land already
there activists have the hosting
look at it
how are you taking this
I take you
and so black
very well
louis the water does not want water
do not
and good friends, I hope you have them
liked remember to subscribe leave to
light your comment share it with your
friends
and well, I am a legend and my brother
rcn that is over there grabbing a remove
back fell to someone and well give us
in the next video until next time
it helps a lot
bye
and we